** ember_2_4 **
=BLACKFADE 0.5=
=DELAY 0.5=
=GUI_NORMAL=
=BG mountainsday=
=SPRITE dragon=
The large dragon is held in place breathing heavily.
Dr - Guh... Enough...
Dr - You've proven your strength. What do you want?
Ro - As we said-
Dr - What?
Dr - Speak Louder! 
Em - WE HAVE COME BECAUSE OF ME!
Dr - Hmm? What's this...
The huge dragon brought his head closer to the ground and observed Ember.
Dr - Ooh, why haven't you said so sooner. 
Ar - Because of your senile deafness.
Dr - Quiet. You'll be worse than me in mere decades.
Ar - ...So now you can hear.
Dr - You have a familiar scent.
Dr - What's your name, child?
Em - I'm Ember. Nice to meet you.
Em - Even though we've fought already. 
Dr - I see... You are the child of Ezet. 
Dr - Truly a wonder to meet someone like you. 
Em - Ezet? Is that the name of my mother?
Dr - Yes. You have no knowledge of your ancestry? A pity.
Dr - Ezet was one of our wyer. But it's from a time before we were facing today's crisis. 
Ro - What crisis? 
Dr - Hmm... I'll need time to explain.
Dr - We dragons possess souls unlike normal mortals. Andh these souls grant us sentience. 
Dr - When a dragon dies, his soul leaves his body and finds its way to a new one.
Dr - Without a soul, we are but beasts. You've met many of those on your way here. 
Dr - From some time ago something has changed. 
Dr - Dead dragons have been reborn less and less. Somehow, their souls can't find a way back here.
Em(tired) - No way.
Dr - I haven't seen anyone here for the last few years. I fear that we might be hunted. 
Dr - But it feels like... You might have Ezet's soul inside of you.
Dr - Somehow she managed to conceal herself inside of you.
Em - My mother inside of me? So I'm her?
Dr - No. It would be more accurate to say that she lays dormant, perhaps occasionally influencing your actions. 
Ro(talk) - Then that note was likely her doing.
Em - So that means... My mother is dead? 
Dr - Yes and no, her body is likely dead, but her soul is within you for now. 
Dr - I hope she will eventually be reborn as we once were.
Dr - Although I did not expect her to take a... Mortal partner. 
Dr - At times like these I will not complain. 
Dr - My name is Qothus.
Dr - I welcome you as one of my kin. 
Ar - Before you continue with the family reunion, there's one thing we need to ask for.
Dr - Yes?
Ro - We are currently looking for someone...
=BLACKTRANS 0.5=
Dr - Curious story, but my knowledge is not enough to help you here. 
Dr - I don't know anything about that person or item you possess.
Ar - Well damn. At least I've defeated a dragon today. What do you think father would say?
Ro - Now that you say it, we actually did...
Ar - Well, Ember, take your time, we will be waiting around the corner.
Party leaves Ember alone with the Qothus.
Em - I didn't expect this would turn out like this.
Dr - Threads of destiny are often chaotic in nature.
Dr - Your mate is strong, you've chosen wisely.
Em - Wha-? Sir Arron is not my...
Dr - Or was it Ezet's influence, I wonder.
Em - Um, could you tell me about my mother?
Dr - Oh, she was one nasty rascal.
Dr - And a fool unlike others. 
Dr - Always got into fights with others. One time she even scorched Elder's nest cave.
Dr - ...
Dr - Shame I won't see her again.
Em - You were related?
Dr - We are all siblings in a sense.
Em - Ah, so I can call you an Uncle Qothus then?
Dr - This is...
Em - Please?
Dr - *sigh* Alright.
Em - But what should I do now?
Dr - You look quite accustomed to mortals. 
Dr - You should naturally stay with them now.
Dr - In truth, I don't know if we will even continue to exist for much longer.
Dr - I haven't seen or heard of anyone for a long time until you came.
Dr - So go, glide proudly and remember what you are. 
Dr - Don't shy away from returning here if you need help. 
Dr - I may look old, but a few more centuries are nothing for me.
Em - Thanks, Uncle Qothus I'm glad we met.
Ember awkwardly hugged the big dragon.
=BLACKTRANS 0.5=
=SPRITE emberhappy=
Em - Hey, I'm ready to go.
Em - Hey, what are you doing to that whelp?
=SPRITE dragonwhelp=
Ar - Oh, don't worry about it. 
Ar - We don't need it anymore.
Er - It was supposed to substitute you in case you'd chose to stay here. 
Em - Eh? Eeeeeeh?!
=STOP=
